
Interview with PARC (Palo Alto Research Center) on Tuesday (12/15) at 1:30 PM EST

Tuesday 15th at 10:30am PST.

The meeting will be via Microsoft Teams so we can share the candidate’s screen.   Below are instructions you can share the candidate.

I would like the candidate to have downloaded the first two projects below and be prepared to review them in his IDE of choice.
I would like to see the candidate execute a unit test and build each of the 1st two projects.
For the 3rd project, we can review the code directly from the github site, the candidate does not need to download it unless they really wants to.  It’s a giant code base.


The three projects are all related to basic CS algorithms.  The first two are 3rd-party algorithm libraries.
The last is the OpenJdk 11 source code.  For the OpenJDK code, we will focus on the code under src/java.base/share/classes/java/util,
particularly Arrays.sort and the related sorting algorithms, especially DualPivotQuicksort.java.
I am interested in the Java code there, not the low-level C code or the giant build of the VM.


https://github.com/TheAlgorithms/Java
https://github.com/williamfiset/Algorithms
https://github.com/openjdk/jdk11u/


This will not be a quiz on sorting algorithms. I will mostly ask the candidate about the structure, APIs, code style, and what the candidate likes or dislikes about the code.
Please think about software engineering ideas like information hiding, inversion of control, dependency inversion, documentation quality, unit tests, testability,
complexity, consistency of the API, how the API supports extensibility, etc.
We will talk about the candidate’s philosophy of software development and how they approaches coding.

Job Description:

Our Client is looking for a Sr. Software Developer with strong Java 11 coding skills. Please see below for information, responsibilities, and requirements.

JOB DESCRIPTION:
We need a software developer to work on the implementation of our client's IoT Configuration Security technology. The software written by the developer will be used toward our client's deliverables for a US government contract as well as for internal commercialization efforts.

SKILLS NEEDED:

Strong Java 11 coding skills and experience. (okay with Java 8 or 9)
Good software engineering practices, including Javadoc and Junit 5. The candidate must be able to write their own unit tests.
Should have experience with Gitlab, Gitlab CI/CD, maven, and make.

Knowledge of the following is a plus:

Databases, especially graph databases like Neo4j.
Java-based json, especially Jackson 2.
Java regular expressions, text processing, and Antlr4 parser.
Domain Specific Language frameworks, such as xtext, or DSLs in Scala.
